Mr. Gu
Are you there?
It's okay, you don't need to explain to me.
Tell me when you're done, I'm looking for you.
I'll go home and get my phone first
Hey, what's the matter with you?
Now let's talk about yesterday
Oh.
Thank you.
It's okay, you are the person I value the most
If someone bullies you
I don't do anything.
He doesn't seem as annoying as I had imagined.
Mr. Gu, have you seen my boyfriend?
You have a boyfriend?
I don't see anyone here.
He also threw the electric car and this guy left
I don't know where it went.
Oh.
He might have gone home
Or go to work
This is a shared electric car.
Don't worry about it once you put it anywhere
You could be right.
It's possible that he had another hallucination.
Rented a luxury car and left
I can't stand spending this money.
I sent you the video I took secretly.
You take him to John and guess
He will definitely break up with Gu Chenting
Did Mr. Gu bring his clothes?
I brought it and carried it for you.
Gu Zhengting
Getting along with Jiang Cai Cai with fake migrant workers
I'm afraid he'll find out that you're Gu Zhengting
Will it reject you?
The more you worry, the more I let him happen
As long as the dishes leave you and me
There is still a chance to become the young lady of the Gu family